# Computer_Graphics
This repository contains my works on Computer Graphics using OpenGL.<br>It also contains a guide to install Codeblocks and Freeglut on Windows.<br>
## List of programs
<ul>
  <li><b>bar_chart.cpp:</b> Write an OpenGL program to display Bar Chart. You need to include data and the labels as part of the input. The data and labels be placed in a text file and the file name is passed as a command line argument. Proper scaling of the display should be done so that the bar chart fits in the display window properly.</li>
  <li><b>bresenham_line.cpp:</b> Implement Bresenham's line drawing algorithm between any two points on 2D space. User selects the start and end pixels using mouse click and your program should draw line between the selected points. User will keep on selecting start and end pixels of sequence of lines and and keep on drawing the lines until user closes the program.</li>
  <li><b>bresenham_circle.cpp:</b> Implement Bresenham's Circle drawing algorithm using mid-point criteria and double difference values. The algorithm to only integer operations. Your program should take center of the circle and radius as command line argument and display the circle. If the circle has pixels with negative coordinates, you can ignore to draw such a pixel. Only display portion of the circle which have positive coordinates.</li>
  <li><b>bresenham_ellipse.cpp:</b> Implement Bresenham's Ellipse drawing algorithm using mid-point criteria and double difference values. The algorithm to use only integer operations. Your program should take center, a and b values as command line argument and display the ellipse (length of the major axis: 2a, length of the minor axis: 2b). If the ellipse has pixels with negative coordinates, you can ignore to draw such a pixel. Only display portion of the ellipse which have positive coordinates.</li>
  <li><b>polygon_filling.cpp:</b> Implement polygon filling algorithm discussed in the course. You can assume that the polygon is  simple polygon and it can be convex or concave. You can select the corner points of the polygon using the mouse and the polygon region to be filled with color other than background color.</li>
  <li><b>rotation_2d.cpp:</b> Write an animation program that draws a polygon in the XY plane and the polygon is rotated repeatedly in small steps around a pivot point. You need to implement separate functions for translation and rotation and use them in your program. The incremental rotation angle theta and the pivot point are inputs can  be take as command line arguments.</li>
</ul>
